is the season to be jolly falala lalala
lalala after vacationing across America
and throughout Europe this holiday
season the Griswolds are going to play
it safe their stay at home I give you
the Griswold family Christmas tree is a
quiet old-fashioned Christmas sorry that
will not hear you work on that
what he's going to get is the gift that
keeps on living
Merry Christmas is family we didn't come
to impose that was plenty of room do you
sleep with your brother do not sick and
twisted have you got a kiss for me you'd
better take a rain check on that art
he's got lifts fungus ain't identified
yet but no holiday could ever be more
deeply touching
we were gonna call anyone to make it a
surprise if I woke up tomorrow of my
headstone at the carpet I wouldn't be
more surprised than I am right now so
genuinely moving the middle of nowhere
leave you for dead more truly uplifting
can I say something that was just blouse
browsing or more down-to-earth if Santa
is smarter stay well clear this journey
to death 10 Christmas with the Griswolds
United States of America this year
let's Chevy Chase light of your holidays
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation if
they had my laugh she just spent evolved
you crack up